---
layout: "cohesity"
page_title: "Cohesity: cohesity_job_vmware"
description: |-
  Create, update and delete a VMware protection job.
---

# cohesity\_job\_vmware

Create, update and delete a VMware protection job

## Example Usage
```
provider "cohesity" {
	cluster_vip = "10.2.145.47"
	cluster_username = "admin"
	cluster_domain = "LOCAL"
}

resource "cohesity_job_vmware" "job1" {
	name = "protect_vcenter"
	protection_source = "vcenter.lab.com"
	policy = "Bronze"
	storage_domain = "DefaultStorageDomain"
	delete_snapshots = true
	full_sla = 200
	incremental_sla = 140
	qos_type = "BackupSSD"
	priority = "Low"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- name - (Required, string) The name of the VMware protection job
- protection_source - (Required, string) The name of the VMware protection source
- timezone - (Optional, string) The timezone to use when calculating time for this VMware protection job. This is in the format Area/Location. The default vaule is America/Los_Angeles
- include - (Optional, set of strings) The list of vm's names from the protection source to be protected by this protection job. If this is not specified, entire vcenter is protected
- exclude - (Optional, set of strings) The list of vm's names from the protection source that should not be protected and are excluded from being backed up by the protection job
- policy - (Required, string) The protection policy name to be used by the protection job
- storage_domain - (Required, string) The storage domain name where this job writes data
- qos_type - (Optional, string) Specifies the QoS policy type to use for this protection job. The default vaule is BackupHDD. The supported types include BackupHDD and BackupSSD. BackupHDD indicates the Cohesity cluster writes data directly to the HDD tier for this protection job. This is the recommended setting. BackupSSD indicates the Cohesity cluster writes data directly to the SSD tier for this protection job. Only specify this policy if you need fast ingest speed for a small number of protection jobs
- full_sla - (Optional, int) Specifies the number of minutes that a job run of a full (no CBT) backup schedule is expected to complete, which is known as a service level agreement (SLA). A SLA violation is reported when the run time of a job run exceeds the SLA time period specified for this backup schedule. The default vaule is 120
- incremental_sla - (Optional, init) Specifies the number of minutes that a job run of a CBT-based backup schedule is expected to complete, which is known as a service level ggreement (SLA). A SLA violation is reported when the run time of a job run exceeds the SLA time period specified for this backup schedule. The default value is 60
- priority - (Optional, string) Specifies the priority of execution for a protection job. The default vaule is Medium. The supported vaules include Low, Medium, and High
- delete_snapshots - (Optional, bool) Specifies if snapshots generated by the protection job should also be deleted when the job is deleted. The default vaule is false

#### Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
- id - ID of the VMware protection job