---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cohesity_job_vmware Resource - terraform-provider-cohesity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cohesity_job_vmware (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cohesity_job_vmware" "job1" {
  depends_on        = [time_sleep.wait_1_minutes]
  name              = "terraform-job1"
  protection_source = "vc.cohesity.com"
  policy            = "Bronze"
  storage_domain    = "DefaultStorageDomain"
  include           = ["vm-name"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the Protection Job
- `policy` (String) Specifies the protection policy
- `protection_source` (String) Specifies the Protection source
- `storage_domain` (String) Specifies the storage domain where this job
				writes data

### Optional

- `delete_snapshots` (Boolean) Specifies if snapshots generated by the Protection
				Job should also be deleted when the Job is deleted.
- `exclude` (Set of String) Specifies the list of vm's from the protection source
				that should not be protected and are excluded from being
				backed up by the protection job
- `full_sla` (Number) Specifies the number of minutes that a Job Run
				of a Full (no CBT) backup schedule is expected to complete,
				which is known as a Service-Level Agreement (SLA).A SLA
				violation is reported when the run time of a Job Run exceeds
				the SLA time period specified for this backup schedule.
- `include` (Set of String) Specifies the list of vm's from the
				protection source to be protected by this protection job
- `incremental_sla` (Number) Specifies the number of minutes that a Job Run
				of a CBT-based backup schedule is expected to complete, which
				is known as a Service-Level Agreement (SLA). A SLA violation
				is reported when the run time of a Job Run exceeds the SLA
				time period specified for this backup schedule.
- `priority` (String) Specifies the priority of execution for a
				Protection Job
- `qos_type` (String) Specifies the QoS policy type to use for this
				Protection Job. 'BackupHDD' indicates the Cohesity Cluster
				writes data directly to the HDD tier for this Protection Job.
				This is the recommended setting. 'BackupSSD' indicates the
				Cohesity Cluster writes data directly to the SSD tier for this
				Protection Job. Only specify this policy if you need fast ingest
				speed for a small number of Protection Jobs
- `timezone` (String) Specifies the timezone in the format: Area/Location

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
